Sometimes the keeping up with ones Social Media accounts can be very hard and time consuming.
House prices have plummeted in this area.
She rummaged through all the drawers, looking for a pen.
He attempted to smuggle jewels into the country.
Our primary economic challenge is to curb inflation.
He was demoted to the rank of ordinary soldier.
The insurance company rejected his application for the accident insurance because of his hazardous occupation.
Travel can be an escape from the routine drudgery of life.
Queen Elizabeth of Britain arrived at Ewha university at 3pm. as part of the itinerary on her second day in Korea.
All I've got is the little legacy my Aunt left.
Perjury in a serious court case can result in life imprisonment.
No one doubted that the president was a man of the highest integrity.
Gas lamps became obsolete when electric lighting came into real.
Brightly colored raincoats had a brief vogue in the previous decade.
At first, the incident seemed to be trivial.
They collated the newly found manuscripts to determine their ages.
Can you explain why the front of your car is smeared with the blood?
It was stifling last week.
There is an unfortunate lack of liaison among the various government departments.
Air pollution by fumes and gases has become a menace in many cities.
He has a broad knowledge of astronomy.
If Bob is tardy to work again, the manager will report him.
The judge decided to adjourn the case for  two days.
There was nothing ugly about her dress : on the contrary, she certainly had a private elegance.
The might of his opponent's attack enervated the young boxer.
Are you accusing me of lying?
They were held hostage by the enemy.
Conflicts between the different ethnic groups in the country exploded into civil war.
Mary is so frugal that absolutely nothing is ever wasted by her.
Lincoln was an Illinois candidate of the new Republican party, a coalition of antislavery groups.
The poem starts with lamenting the death of a young man.
Once progress has been made, the gains are likely to be immense.
After 1850, a lot of status in America began to pass the compulsory school attendance law.
This is an entirely feasible proposal. I suggest we adopt it.
However imaginative you may be, you can't surmise as much as I.
The number of orders for computer-controlled robots has surged.
It has been alleged that the factory has been dumping noxious chemicals into the water.
She's an exceptional expert on computer technology.
On clear nights, meteors often can be seen streaking across the sky.
The firm has already paid half the fine, but it will have to liquidate additional assets in order to pay the rest.
This text presents many pitfalls for the translator.
As a safeguard against fire, the law requires us to insulate all electric wiring.
